Some edits and de-duplication (#46)
popsim-consortium/demes-paper: paper.tex

programming effort, we define a standard software entity as part of the
specification to perform this task (the parser),
which is intended to be shared by programs that support Demes as an input.
By maintaining high-quality Demes parsers available as libraries,
we ensure consistency across simulation
software in their implementation of Demes-specified models.
In addition to a reference implementation written in Python,
we provide high-quality parser implementations in the Python and
C languages (Table~\ref{tab:software}, and discussed in
Appendix~\ref{sec:appendix-parsers}).

\subsection*{The scope of Demes}

The Demes specification is static by design---we wish to unambiguously
describe a demographic model with a concrete set of parameters.
This simplicity means that we cannot directly specify parameter distributions
or estimated confidence intervals for those parameters.
While it is not difficult to imagine extending the specification in ways that
would allow this (Appendix~\ref{sec:appendix-scope}), it is not immediately
clear that the benefits are worth the increased parser complexity.
However, we note that Demes may be used in downstream applications that

> do not conform to the specification. This might include interpreting

Reviewer: I'd avoid saying "not conforming" here, as that sounds like people are doing things we don't want them to. Really this is a designed-in flexibilty. Maybe something like 

> It is important to note, however, that Demes may be used in applications that include additional population genetic processes outside of what is explicitly modelled in the specification, such as X Y. We can see the Demes specification as providing a basic model that can be elaborated on where necessary.

Author: Yes, that's much better. Thanks!

More details of the mathematical properties of selfing and cloning rates

> in a coalescent context can be found in \citet{hartfield2016facsexcoal}.

Reviewer 2: Also cite Nordborg and Donnelly 1997 here?

\subsection{Static models, not parameterised models}
\label{sec:appendix-static}

The Demes specification is designed to describe demographic
models defined by a fixed set of model parameters.

> As described in the main text, the Demes specification does not include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the main text, it does not include
```

        form. (C) A visual representation of the model using \texttt{demesdraw}.
        The YAML descriptions in (A) and (B) correspond exactly to a JSON description,
        but are much more human-readable.

>         \aprcomment{Need figure panel labels.}

Reviewer 2: Do we also need to delete these lines?

        \begin{tcolorbox}
            \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{fig/IM}
        \end{tcolorbox}
        
When I try and compile the .tex file on my machine then it throws an error as this figure is missing; I take it that it's been superseded by 'models/IM.yaml'?

Reviewer 3: That's strange, as it should be generated by the Makefile if it is missing. Can you paste the full error message when you do `make`?

Reviewer 2: Ah, I get it now, I was trying to create the PDF using latex rather than the makefile. Now it works fine!
